web components:
- lit 
- stencil

Vonage

To study:

1
All the fundamentals — How to start a server, create handlers, send responses, route requests and serve static files.
2
Structure and organization — How to create an idiomatic and scalable structure for your web application.
3
Using modules — How to use Go’s Module functionality to manage and version control your dependencies.
4
Managing configuration — How to use command-line flags and dependency injection to manage your application settings.
5
Logging and error handling — How to implement leveled logging and centralized error handling.
6
SQL databases — How to design a database model, set up a connection pool, and execute statements and queries.
7
HTML templating — How to cache your templates, display dynamic data, create custom functions and handle runtime errors.
8
Middleware — How to create your own middleware to perform common actions (like logging requests and recovering panics).
9
RESTful routing — How to create a modern request routing structure that follows the principles of REST.
10
Form validation — How to implement a reusable and user-friendly pattern for validating forms and displaying errors.
11
Session management — How to use and configure sessions to persist data between requests.
12
Using HTTPS — How to correctly setup a HTTPS server and configure it for improved performance and security.
13
Embedding files — How to embed static assets (like HTML templates, images, CSS and JS files) into your Go binary.
14
Prevent common vulnerabilities — How to prevent SQL injection, CSRF, XSS, clickjacking and slow-client attacks.
15
Authentication and authorization — How to safely encrypt user passwords and add signup, login and logout functionality.
16
Request context — How to use Go’s context.Context to pass data between your middleware and handlers.
17
Testing — How to create unit tests, integration tests and end-to-end tests, mock dependencies and measure test coverage.
18
And most importantly… How to put it together in a fully-functioning application!